Translation corrections (#291)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/toki_008.txt

			NULL, "\"So, if you're going into it with that sentiment... I'd rather not tell you.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s11/28/420100992", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "怒りや憎しみに囚われて、復讐したくなる気持ちは理解できる」",

> 			NULL, " I know what it's like when anger and hate take control of you and drive you to desire vengeance.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I know what it's like when anger and hate take control of you and drive you to seek vengeance.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Honestly, thanks for everything.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 35, "ps3/s11/35/420500239", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "いい報告ができるよう、頑張ってきます」",

> 			NULL, " I'll do my best to give you good news.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I'll do my best to bring you good news.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…わざわざ確認を取るのは、おそらく先日のことを受けての気遣いだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…わざわざ確認を取るのは、おそらく先日のことを受けての気遣いだろう。",

> 			NULL, "...He was probably trying to be considerate of what happened the other day by asking for her permission.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...He was probably asking for her permission out of consideration for what happened the other day.", Line_Normal);
```
